During my years at the Faculty of Science in Reims, I had many learning opportunities that allowed me to develop my skills in computer science and related fields. The people I met and the friends I made played a big part in making those years a great experience for me. Also, most of the professors I had were excellent teachers and helped me appreciate and understand subjects that I didn't think I would be interested in.
In terms of areas for improvement, I would say that the bachelor's degree program could be modernized a little. What I mean by that is that some of the courses are no longer necessarily up to date, and even though, overall, most of what we learn is useful for the future, a touch of something new would make these courses much more useful in the long term. Also, if I had to comment on the infrastructure and buildings themselves, I would say that the classrooms could use a little sprucing up, with one major point of interest being the addition of power outlets on the tables in the classrooms. This may seem trivial, but we sometimes have eight hours of classes in the same day without ever being in a room where we can recharge our computers, which can be difficult, especially for people like me with computers that don't hold a charge. Overall, I would say that I enjoyed my bachelor's degree and the start of my master's degree, even though everything didn't go as I had imagined for the bachelor's degree. 
Although the subjects and teaching were diverse, I didn't particularly like the way most subjects were assessed, and I found some of the subjects taught strange. If I had to explain myself, I would say that the subjects are assessed too much on theory and not enough on practice. This means that we don't necessarily know how to apply what we've learned when we're working on projects on the scale of those in a company. As for the subjects themselves, in the bachelor's degree program, we are required to take certain subjects that are not really interesting or unrelated to the basic training, which is rather disturbing and makes us feel like we are wasting our time on these subjects.
In conclusion, I would say that this program has taught me a great deal and allowed me to advance in my field of expertise, while also helping me become more professional through internships and work experience. I have no regrets about the four years I have spent here so far, and I plan to complete my higher education at this same institution after two years of master's study.