Hello, my name is Gabriel FORGEOIS, and I am a recent graduate with a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science from the University Institute of Technology in Reims-Châlon-Charlevilles. I am currently pursuing a Master's degree in Artificial Intelligence at the Faculty of Science in Reims.

I spent my three years of study working toward a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science. Many areas of computer science were covered in the form of practical work, allowing me to gain practical experience and skills. Other subjects related to computer science, such as communication, economics, and business management, gave me a well-rounded set of skills for the business world. Each semester ended with a group project where I was able to implement and put into practice all the skills I had acquired. The internships I did during the program were a real way to immerse myself in the professional world, with the option of doing a work-study program (which I didn't do). This allowed me to apply my skills to real projects while discovering the realities and demands of the working world.

The support provided by the teachers also made the program truly educational and humane. The weeks were sometimes very heavy in terms of content (between 7 and 8 hours of classes per day), and managing stress during project periods or end-of-semester exams was a challenge.Also, working in a team, although very formative for the future, sometimes involved constraints in terms of task distribution and communication between members. These experiences now enable me to adapt easily and persevere in the face of the unexpected. I also noticed that the emphasis was more on application development than on research or technological innovation, which can limit preparation for master's-level studies focused on AI or research. But the BUT exists to train computer scientists, and in my opinion, it was an excellent foundation for someone who had never studied computer science before.

On the other hand, I think some aspects could be improved. The BUT is only an introduction to the field of computer science. You learn good coding practices, but this was not enough for what I want to do, especially since I had no prior experience in computer science before my first year. This training allowed me to learn the theoretical basics, but the technologies presented are not up to date with the latest trends. They were certainly reliable and comprehensive enough to learn the fundamentals (Symfony Framework, for example). Some semesters ended up being 30% computer science and 70% related subjects, making some courses exhausting.

Globalement, mon parcours au sein du BUT a été une expérience enrichissante pour les compétences acquises car il m’a offert les fondations nécessaires pour poursuivre dans un domaine plus spécialisé, comme l’intelligence artificielle. Ce parcours m’a ainsi préparé non seulement à poursuivre mes études, mais aussi à m’investir pleinement dans la construction de mon futur projet professionnel.