Before joining the master's program, I obtained my general baccalaureate in 2022 with specializations in math and physics, and life and earth sciences until my junior year. I therefore joined the computer science program at the Reims University Institute of Technology without having taken computer science, which meant that I did not have as much programming experience as my peers at the beginning. Despite this, during my math classes, we had covered Python as a programming language, which allowed me to be ready for the first courses of the program, as well as later on when I chose, in my second year of the BUT program, to focus on data exploitation through the data administration, management, and exploitation track. Of course, my language skills don't stop at Python. I had the opportunity to learn SQL, as well as PHP and JavaScript. The first two were very useful in my work, especially during my internships. The latter, however, was not very useful to me, and I never really managed to understand it: the classes were limited to numerous unattractive slides, and the practical work consisted of entire projects where the slightest problem ruined our efforts. In short, I would have preferred Javascript and Typescript to offer smaller exercises like the other languages did. During my three years of BUT, I participated in two internships, the first for eight weeks at IIAS, the Institute for Artificial Intelligence in Health, and the second for fourteen weeks at Monstock. For the first one, thanks to the internship, I was able to learn about database development and management, particularly in the healthcare sector, and I learned about PostgreSQL and Clickhouse, as well as the steps involved in migrating or integrating databases into a data warehouse. The second internship was a little further removed from data science. It was at the startup Monstock, where I used PHP and its Symfony library to participate in the Monstock API project by correcting and adding new features to this API. Although I didn't learn much about data management during this experience, it allowed me to learn more about API development, which broadened my skill set. The atmosphere during my BUT studies was acceptable; no, or almost no, students caused me any trouble, and no one in the class ever picked on another student. The class was always willing to help each other, probably because of the many collaborative projects during the program. Some of the classes I took during the BUT were not my favorites: the networking classes in particular were not easy to understand, again due to the nature of the classes: PowerPoint presentations, complicated projects, forced group work, which did not help with understanding. The BUT also had the advantage of including courses in business management and law, which, although not computer-related in nature, can be a real asset in the professional world. I also took English classes. The teachers were good, but the classes tended to be repetitive on the subject of AI and business. In addition, my level of English no longer allows me to improve substantially, which has the advantage of making it easy to get good grades, but it feels like a waste of time that could be better spent completing IT projects, some of which required being on site. This became a problem in the second year when some students broke equipment, which punished the rest of the class by prohibiting use of the rooms during project hours. 